Electricity Bill Management System is made to keep the records of the bills of the customers. The admin can manage all the accounts and the registered users like employees and customers can only manage their accounts. This system helps in maintaining the bills and the payments.

My project gives you this project where the different module is there for employees to check the customer’s details if their job requires. Admin, employees, and customers all have a different interface and different privileges according to their needs.


MODULE OF THIS PROJECT:
Login:
After registration, one can log in to the system as the end-user of the system on the behalf of the user. The user will get only those privileges that are given to the user for which one has registered.

User:
The user can be anyone either a customer or an employee. If the user is an employee then he can make changes to the data like adding units in the bill, used by a customer.

Queries:
In this module, the customer can ask any query he has and his question with his details will be sent to the person who is managing queries and then he or she can reply to the query of a customer.

Meters:
In this, new customers can be added, monthly bills can be sent to the customer’s accounts, any particular customer can be found using a unique meter id and the remaining balance of a customer can be checked.

FEATURES OF ELECTRICITY BILL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM:
Users can search for details of the bills, Units, Reading, Consumptions.
Electricity Bill payment management is an online application, from which the user can easily manage Unit details, Customer details, Connection details.
Admin can track all the information of units, Bills, Customer, etc.
Admin can edit, add, delete, and update, the records of connection, Reading consumption.
Manage all the information about Customer, Reading, Units.

Technology use in the Project:
C Programming
*Structure
*switch case
*if-else
*while
*functions
*arrays
*built-in-functions


CONCLUSION:
Electricity Billing System project reports Before suggesting this solution they were using a manual process on meter reading, amount calculation, and billing customer and so on. The interaction between customer and Electricity Board was very poor and it took much longer to respond to customer queries.



